"Stop exploding, you cowards.",
       "Uh-huh.Uh-huh. That's whatever you were talking about for ya.",
       "Kif! Where's the little umbrella? That's what makes it a scotch on the rocks.",
       "If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.",
       "I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan at your service!",
       "Don't be such a chicken, Kif. Teenagers smoke, and they seem pretty on-the-ball.",
       "Fire all weapons and set a transmission frequency for my victory yodel.",
       "I got your distress call and came here as soon as I wanted to.",
       "We'll just set a new course for that empty region over there, near that blackish, holeish thing.",
       "In the game of Chess, you must never let your adversary see your pieces.",
       "I've always thought of myself as a father figure to some of my more pathetic men.",
       "You win again, Gravity!",
       "Has my fame preceded me? Or was I too quick for it?",
       "Care for some champaggin?",
       "I have made it with a woman. Inform the men!",
       "If there's an alien out there I can't kill, I haven't met them and killed them yet",
       "As you all know, the key to victory is the element of surprise.  ...surprise!",
       "When I'm in command, every mission is a suicide mission.",
       "Come on girdle... hold!",
       "Fly the white flag of war."
       "It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. —Theodore Roosevelt"
       "That which does not kill us makes us stronger. —Friedrich Nietzsche"
       "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. —Thomas A. Edison"
       "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. —Wayne Dyer"
       "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt"
       "I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk. —Anthony Robbins"
       "The greater damage for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it it too low and we reach it. —Michelangelo"
       "Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
       "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. —Winston Churchill"
       "I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' —Muhammad Ali"
       "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. —Michael Jordan"
       "The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. —Mark Twain"
       "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. —Henry Ford"
       "Live each day as if your life had just begun. —Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe"
       "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. —Lao Tzu"
       "Do one thing every day that scares you. —Eleanor Roosevelt"
       "You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them. —Shonda Rhimes"
       "Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. —Helen Keller2"
       "My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.  —Maya Angelou"
       "The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself—the invisible battles inside all of us—that's where it's at. —Jesse Owens"